[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Unless one
is truly blessed with having
learned at all, these times of
Pluto transiting into Aquarius
have taken many
of us to the mat.
This includes many who have
done some of the hard work
already, like Matías De Stefano
and myself for that matter.
While on a recent tour
of British sacred sites,
Matías and his group encountered
ancient Merlin-like beings
who initiated them along
the way into the world
we're moving into.
It's good to see
you again, Matías.
>> MATIAS DE STEFANO: Nice.
Nice to be here.
>> REGINA: So first of all,
tell us why you all decided--
because Gaia went with you.
You had a camera
crew and documented
all of this, why you went to
Britain and these sacred sites
to begin with.
What was the motivation?
>> DE STEFANO: Well
for me, of course,
I did many trips alone
through Great Britain,
and I loved the island and
the sacred places that are out
there.
I feel very connected
to the place.
Actually, the first
time that I went there,
it was from of a message
that I received in Tibet.
I was in Tibet and in the
middle of the mountains,
after seeing Shiva and all these
things, Merlin appeared to me
and said, I wait for you in
seven days in a specific place.
He told me where to go,
and I wait for you there.
So seven days after
Tibet I went there,
and I started a path of 14
days through all the island.
And I knew since that moment,
that is a very amazing place
to actually bring
people to be initiated
in what the importance of
that island is in the world,
not just for a
personal perception.
So a lot of people were asking
me, when are we going there?
Can you take us there?
And I usually
don't plan anything
unless there is a
message that says there's
a need for you to go there.
And I was following the
idea of the tree of life
with the golden apples, which
is a very ancient story.
>> REGINA: And you're going
to have to explain that story
to us.
>> DE STEFANO: Of course, yeah.
When I said, OK, where
can I find these apples,
these golden apples?
And of course, the message
was in the land of apples,
and that's Apollonia,
apple-onia, which is Avalon.
So Avalon, the name Avalon
means the land of apples.
>> REGINA: And it's true
when you go to Britain,
they have many, many,
many varieties of apples.
>> DE STEFANO: So I said,
OK, there's a mission there
of collecting these
apples for some reason.
I don't know still.
I didn't know why
at that moment.
And of course,
hearing Gaia, Jason,
of course said, could you
go with you and film it?
And yeah, of course.
But you have to run behind.
>> REGINA: What do you mean run?
Because--
>> DE STEFANO: Because it's all
outside, and it's all rainy,
and muddy, and cold.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: So I said, we
will never know what is going
to happen.
Maybe we change directions
in the middle of the way.
So it was kind of
an adventure too.
>> REGINA: OK, so now let's go
back to the story of the apples.
According to the Greeks,
what are these apples about?
>> DE STEFANO: Well, of course,
the word apple actually was not
meant to mean an apple
exactly but it was meant to be
the description of any fruit.
So apple was a word in Europe to
define any tree that has fruits.
So basically, it describes
the tree of life.
That's why then when the
Semitic tradition started
to talk about the tree of life,
they call it the apple tree
and all the thing of Eve biting
the apple and stuff like that.
But actually, it's not an apple,
it's a fruit, any kind of fruit.
So the tradition
says that the world
was born in this tree
that has many apples,
and these fruits are golden.
They shine.
They're golden.
And they are being guarded
by a giant or a dragon, which
is a guardian.
For some of the Norse
tradition is a giant.
Some call it Mimir.
And in the south,
it was a dragon.
The Mediterranean traditions,
they call it a dragon.
And if someone wants to
read more about the story,
they call it the
Garden of Hesperides.
It was one of the 12
tasks that Hercules
had to accomplish in order
to gain his place in Olympus.
So the hero needed to
accomplish all these 12
missions, and the 12 tasks.
And one of them was to
steal the golden apples
of the tree of the
Garden of Hesperides,
which is in the Canary Islands.
That's what they call
the Garden of Hesperides.
So they said there is a dragon.
And dragon actually
for the Greek word
is not a dragon as
we imagine today.
A dragon is actually a
draken or dracon, that
means the one that observes.
That's what it means.
So it's a guardian,
actually, someone
that is taking care of a tree.
>> REGINA: Right.
And in British lore, the
symbol of Wales, for example,
the Red Dragon.
The dragon runs
throughout British lore
in terms of their
guardian through the ages.
Their protector
through the ages.
So now here you are in
the land of the dragons.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Pursuing
the golden apples.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK, so now
you all get together.
How many people were in
this group to begin with--
>> DE STEFANO: 45
people, I think.
>> REGINA: A pretty big group.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
45.
>> REGINA: And so tell us
where you started in Britain.
>> DE STEFANO: So the
idea of being 45 people is
because in the Atlantean
alphabet, there are 45 letters.
So this 45 letters
represent the sounds
of each one of the
apples, like the fruits
of creation of this
tree, which actually
the tree, the
dragon, the observer
represents the
Kundalini in the world.
And the apples
represent the nodes
of the planet, which are
the portals through where
the information comes through.
So in the story says that
humanity stole the apples
and put them somewhere.
So from the Atlantic Ocean,
they were in England, Scotland.
So the purpose of
this group of 45
was each one of us resounding
with one letter having
one apple, activating one
of these informations.
We needed to go to the
actual apples of stone,
which is the stone circles,
all along the island.
So through walking there, we
would activate some information
related to what the
apple means until we
deliver all the apples back.
>> REGINA: So each experience
was to give you another pixel
of this larger picture?
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
You know family constellations?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: So basically,
when you have a trauma
or a problem that you want to
solve and you go to a therapist
that does this family
constellations,
they locate objects or people to
represent things so you can move
around and reactivate it and
understand it in a different
way.
So imagine that when we
do this kind of trips,
we are doing a
family constellation
but related to
mythology and geography.
So it's like, OK, we are doing
here the family constellation
of Hercules and
the golden apples,
and the family constellation
of where that happened,
which is in the North of Europe.
So it's like if a region
represents a part of yourself.
>> REGINA: And that makes sense.
Also when you look
at just the lore,
we'll say lore
history of Atlantis,
and the way it ultimately
broke down or aspects of it
were destroyed from
the North to the South,
the my understanding
from my studies
also has been that knowledge,
the higher knowledge that
ultimately became the druidic
knowledge actually came
from Atlantis and
was transported over
before that portion
of Atlantis was sunk.
It went to Britain.
So that was one of
the first places
that the people emigrated
to with the knowledge.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
Some of the first
priests and priestess
that decided not to
create a civilization
outside but a
civilization within.
So instead of building
great temples,
they created circles
where they could actually
connect with that
knowledge through the stars
as they see the stars moving
around and not just building
a civilization as Atlantis was.
It's like if today
our civilization--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> REGINA: --as an
Indigenous natural.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
It's like if today
civilizations fall apart
and there are some
people that say,
let's create a different new
civilization, that was Egypt.
And there are other
people that say, no, let's
go back to the mountains and
reconnect with the stones
like we used to do before.
So that was England.
>> REGINA: That was Britain,
absolutely, the British Isles.
OK, thank you for
setting that up for us.
The show is called actually A
Journey of Remembering, right?
>> DE STEFANO: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK, good.
So people can be
looking out for that.
So now let's begin.
Where did you start?
Which geographical
location did you start in?
And let's talk-- go through
to the first appearance
of the first Merlin character.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, of course.
Well, if you take a look
into the British Isles,
you can kind of imagine or
see the shape of a woman.
And it has a crown,
which is in Scotland.
And it's sitting on its throne.
So with imagination,
you can perceive that
on the territory,
which helps you
to locate the chakras
of the territory
where the Kundalini
moves in the islands.
Of course, they start in the
south by La Manche Channel.
So the root chakra is around
that area, is around that part.
Of course, if we go to the
very beginning of the energy,
you have to go to a
place called Land's End.
But we didn't go there
because that region
was for another purpose that
was not related to the apples.
These apples in the
story, as for the planet,
are nodes for the tree are
fruits, for us is chakras,
or in our biological
body they are glands.
So these glands are
located in a line
or in a zigzag shape
along the path.
So we needed to start where the
energy of the dragon starts,
which is the south.
And that's why first
we went to Avalon
to ask permission to show
where we were going to do.
And that was, of
course, Glastonbury.
And I did something for
the 45 people, which was we
gave them apples,
an apple to each.
And they were supposed to
take care of the apples
during the entire trip.
So this is like your soul,
your information, your wisdom.
So you have to take care of
it as if it is within you.
But imagine that
you got it outside,
and now it has the
shape of an apple,
and you have to take care of it.
So we started the
trip there in order
to prepare ourselves to
understand what the apple means,
what the fruit means,
why this island is
called the land of the apples.
And we started to introduce
the idea of our path, which
was, there is an
information that
is related to the entire
planet that is encrypted
in the stories of this island.
So the mythology, the legends
that are in this island
will tell us what to
do, how to work with it,
with the information.
So we have to pay
attention to everything
that the druids or the
Merlins will tell us
so we understand what
is the story that we
are trying to talk about here.
And so the first step was
to prepare each one of us
on that story.
And what was amazing
at that day was that--
>> REGINA: This is
in Glastonbury or--
>> DE STEFANO: This
is Glastonbury.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> DE STEFANO: We
went to the abbey.
We walked around, and I felt
someone calling me to a place
that I've never been
in the abbey, which
was right on the
other side of the park
where there is all
this apple trees.
So it's full of apple
trees and a lake
that you can see the reflection
of the Tor, the tower that
is in the heel of Glastonbury.
And in that place,
in the apple trees,
I started to receive the
first channeling of Merlin.
And for this, we
need an introduction
of who Merlin is,
because sometimes we
think that Merlin is a person,
specifically called Merlin.
But actually it's not.
Actually, every high priest
druid was called Merlin.
It was not only one Merlin.
So it's like saying the Pope.
You have many names,
but the Pope is a title.
So Merlin is a title too.
So it's not the
name of a person.
Merlin actually is
the name of a bird,
merle, this black bird that
lives in that region of Europe.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> DE STEFANO: So usually
South England and North France.
So that's why Merlin is the
French name for that, merle,
which is this little bird.
So that's why when
a Druid achieved
the highest level
of acknowledgment
of reality, magic--
>> REGINA: Mastery, wisdom
>> DE STEFANO:
--mastery, wisdom.
They were called a new Merlin.
So that's why it's not the
Merlin from Disney movies.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: Or
the King Arthur.
But even though every
Merlin has something
to say about that
story, of course.
So that was the first encounter
with Merlin, who basically
made us see the reflection
of ourselves in the lake
and started to tell
the story of the lady
in the lake and the sword.
>> REGINA: Can you
share that with us?
Because most people
are familiar with that.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, of course,
because it's a very common
story.
>> REGINA: Wonderful legend.
Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
So basically, the lady is the
feminine aspect of creation.
And the sword is actually the
water, the limit of the water.
So it says that it has two sides
like the blade of the sword.
So in one is your reflection
from what you perceive yourself
now.
And the other side of the
sword is the reflection
of who you are
meant to be or what
is your goal in this
life, your true self.
We basically walk through
the edge of this sword,
seeing if we fall into our
essence or into our personality.
So our constant
task is to find how
we can gain the inner power,
to use our personality in order
to accomplish our mission as
essence, as the being that we
are, and not choose
only one side.
We have to be in the center
in this little reflection
of the lake.
And the apples are
like all these chakras
that the sword crossed through.
The story says that was the very
origin of the myth of the sword.
And then it became a stone.
It became trapped
in the reality.
So now we are stuck
in this reality.
And unless you don't actually
locate all the golden apples
where they belong in the right
position of your inner tree,
you cannot take the sword,
which is actually transforming
yourself from a normal
fruit into gold,
which is the philosophy of--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> REGINA: --from your
perceived reality.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
It's the inner
philosopher's stone.
So is the sword is in the
stone, which is a lead stone.
And when you have
the inner power
enough to put all
the apples, which
is the chakras, the
emotions, the energy
align inside yourself,
in that moment,
you can take the sword,
gain your inner power back,
which is not to fight,
but is to rule yourself.
And the lead turns into gold.
So the golden apples
appear in that moment
when they reflect all the
colors of the rainbow.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: So
what makes, again,
all these portals of the rainbow
in this territory are told that
the goal at the
end of the rainbow.
>> REGINA: So that was happening
at that particular lake near
the Tor?
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And so you were all
together and you were studying
your reflection while this
story was being rendered?
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> DE STEFANO: They were
all sitting around the lake
reflecting each
other with the apple.
>> REGINA: So that was
your starting point?
>> DE STEFANO:
That was the start.
>> REGINA: To understand your
perceived reality and the actual
mass of the reality
of what you are.
And you were going to
do this integration that
becomes wisdom, which allows you
to pull the sword out of your--
>> DE STEFANO: And become
the king or queen of your own
reality, yes which is
the last point of it.
>> REGINA: OK.
So that's the starting point.
>> DE STEFANO: That's
the starting point.
>> REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about then
where you went from there,
because Stonehenge is
pretty far south, too.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah,
it's very close to.
It's like 45 minutes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So was Stonehenge
your next stop,
or was there something
else in between?
>> DE STEFANO: We
went first to Avebury.
>> REGINA: Oh yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: So Avebury
is the feminine side.
And Stonehenge is
the masculine side.
Both together create
this helix of energy
and the infinite
movement of energy that
ignites the power of creation.
So these two places
are very important
for that transformation.
So what we did in Avebury was
to connect with the mother cell,
because when you go to Avebury,
you can see it's a huge circle.
It has even a small
village in the middle.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
I've been there.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
It's amazing.
So you have a big circle.
>> REGINA: It's
very large circle.
Yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: Very large.
And then you have two tiny
circles in the center that are
broken, so you cannot really
relate that there are two
circles.
But when you see them,
it's is like a cell that
is about to divide in two.
So it's like vesica piscis
or mitosis, meiosis,
the process of creating a baby.
So that represents the
mother cell, creating life.
So we went there in order to
ask permission to the trees,
to the holy trees
that are there,
the guardians of the cell, and
to basically become ourselves
the babies of that island.
So it's like the seeds of
what we have come here to sow.
>> REGINA: So in the past
wasn't Avebury used as a kind
of a ritualistic
site for procreation?
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, exactly.
>> REGINA: Because a lot of
people go there and sit-in it.
You start seeing, experiencing
these rituals of the past.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
What I remember of that place
from very ancient times,
it was that men used to stay
in the outer circle and women
in the inner circle.
And it would be ceremonies
for days, drumming, dancing,
celebrating.
And it was all about giving to
the Earth to receive fertility.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: So it was--
>> REGINA: So I assume all
of you were having your own
experiences within there too
and tapping into the past
and the visions and
memories, right?
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, of course.
So in every step, I
used to tell the people
the story that I remember about
the place or the stories that
happened to me discovering
the place in this life.
So they have an idea
of why are we there,
what are we doing
there, and then
I basically guide a
meditation or an activation
where we could actually engage
with the land and the territory.
And of course, always
asking permission first.
So yeah, that was the--
>> REGINA: So that was where
the seed of life begins there.
So then you go to Stonehenge
and you did a sunrise ceremony?
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, we did a
sunrise ceremony splitting--
>> REGINA: Talk about
that, what happened there.
>> DE STEFANO:
--into two groups.
One of the groups was
outside Stonehenge holding
as the other half of
the group was inside,
and then we switched places.
When the inner group went
outside and the outer one
came in.
>> REGINA: And what was the
experience there after the very
feminine experience of that?
>> DE STEFANO: The feminine
experience was about
understanding why we were
there and that we were creating
something new.
So it was like the receiving
point of this, of these seeds
that we are going to sow.
And it was amazing because I
was looking for the right place
to do the ceremony in
Avebury, and I sat on a place
on one of the stones, and
I was talking to the stone.
And I was like, it's here.
And suddenly a
random person comes
through walking with a
pendulum, and he stops right
in front of me, turns to me and
said, you are in the right spot.
>> REGINA: There's your sign.
>> DE STEFANO: You're
in the right spot.
Here there is a line that
crosses from here to Scotland.
And I was like,
that's why I'm here.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
>> DE STEFANO: Thank you.
So it was like, OK, goodbye.
So that was the
confirmation in that moment.
And in Stonehenge,
what we did was
to, as we received the
seeds, now what we had to do
was to transform the perception
that we had of our own seeds
of what are we
doing in this trip.
So the masculine side
is all the patterns.
As the mother is
the matrix, which
is the connectivity
of everything,
the father side is the pattern.
And the pattern is
basically we are doing this
because we want to go there.
So usually you live
your lives according
to patterns that have been
designed by biology, designed
by culture, by your
tradition, by your family,
and you keep following
those patterns.
So the idea of that ceremony
was to face the pattern,
to understand why you
decided to come here, what
is your intention with
this trip, with this path,
and transform that
in 180 degrees.
So everyone had to
switch positions in order
to see themselves in a
completely different way,
releasing the idea of the
expectation of that pattern.
So they could actually
receive the seeds
with a free pattern that--
>> REGINA: Can give
birth to a new result.
>> DE STEFANO: To a new result.
>> REGINA: And so this was
kind of a root chakra ceremony,
as I understand?
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly, yeah.
That was the root chakra,
the polarity of the chakra.
>> REGINA: So did a Merlin as a
character show up at that point
or--
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
And he was very tough.
>> REGINA: OK, let's
talk about that--
>> DE STEFANO: I don't
remember exactly.
>> REGINA: --and what
your experience was,
because I know some people
were kind of activated,
some were agitated,
people were reacting.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah,
some of them were crying.
Some of them were--
because he started to say
very deep, dark things
of their souls.
He started to say,
going to the point
of where the pattern started.
And that usually is a trauma.
So as he was walking
around, he used
to whisper things in
the ears of the people
to pay attention to the pattern
that they were holding onto.
And that was basically
one of the things
that moved many people
because it was like--
>> REGINA: Acknowledge
the trauma right out.
It's you.
>> DE STEFANO: Acknowledge this.
This is your pattern.
You have been designed for this.
So face it.
Would you like to change it?
Are you ready to change
the perception of it?
So it was a very
tough talk about,
can you see that
you are actually not
willing to change that
because otherwise you
don't exist anymore as
you think who you are.
>> REGINA: It's
your identity, yeah.
>> DE STEFANO:
It's your identity.
Your trauma is your identity.
So if you want a new life, face
it and make of it a tool and not
your essence.
So it was very, very tough.
>> REGINA: Did that
affect you as well?
Did you--
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah,
of course, of course.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
You don't have to
get too personal,
but what did it bring up in you?
>> DE STEFANO:
Well, for example,
one of the things that I had
as a pattern is that because I
didn't have a father in my
life, I tried to be the father
of many, trying to replace
that role that I didn't have.
So instead of looking for
that, what I started to do
is to try to--
>> REGINA: Become a father.
>> DE STEFANO: --become
a father to guide people,
to teach people to,
this kind of things.
So he was taking me to
the trauma of saying,
what are you doing?
You are trying to
replace someone?
You are trying to do something.
It was very, very
tough for me to say,
I know that your pattern took
you to be in the center, but is
that your right place?
So you actually want to--
>> REGINA: So it brought up the
wound of not having a father.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, exactly.
So it was like taking me to
rethink the way in which I
do things in life.
>> REGINA: Interesting because
it really the Merlin as figures
are types of fathers that you're
connecting with and working with
as you help guide
others as well.
So they almost provide a
father-like figure for you
along the way.
>> DE STEFANO: Totally.
They are like that.
And they were
basically-- were saying,
we are teaching you this
in order for you to become,
in reality, what you are
supposed to be as a figure.
But before that,
you have to face
from where are you doing that,
from which trauma, are you
doing that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: So you can use
it as a tool and not as a way
of escaping or as a way of
controlling just because you
couldn't have it.
Because most of the things
that we do in our lives--
>> REGINA: That's a deep lesson.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
Because most of the things
that we do in our lives,
we think that they are
good, but because we
had a trauma that is pushing us
to do the good according to what
for us was bad but--
>> REGINA: It's almost
an overcompensation.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
Yeah.
So we say, I don't know, I
will give a lot of freedom
to my children because I didn't
have freedom when I was a child.
And then it turns back
to you with children--
>> REGINA: Throughout
history, generationally,
this is how we do it.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
So we go into the other
side and the other spectrum.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, and each person had
their own flavor of that.
>> DE STEFANO: Of course.
I don't remember.
Sometimes what I say to the
people I don't remember.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
No.
I can understand that.
But that's why I asked what
your own experience was
because that you would know.
>> DE STEFANO: Oh yeah,
I went through my own.
And sometimes when I
finish with the people,
they take me aside or on
a side, and they tell me
what I have to do.
Now you have to
think about this.
Now you do that.
And sometimes-- there
was, I think in this trip,
there were some situations in
which I was saying something
to the people.
It was not me.
It was a Merlin explaining
something to the people.
And basically, he
turned back to me
in that moment and I out loud
said something that hurt me--
to say, and you have to
pay attention about this,
And I was like, OK.
>> REGINA: OK, I'm not exempt.
I thought I was the father here.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK.
So we're having so much fun.
Now I'm going to have to-- we'll
skip through a couple of these.
But you went to
the druid's temple.
Where is the druid's temple?
And a lot of the people there
thought this was so incredibly
authentic.
And you did a druidic
ceremony there.
>> DE STEFANO: This
place is amazing.
>> REGINA: Where is it?
>> DE STEFANO: But
it's not that old.
It's from the late 18th century,
the beginning of the 19th
century, when the high society
of England started to have this
renaissance of the
druids' traditions.
So many of them used to gather
to do the druid ceremonies
and stuff.
And there was one--
someone that had a lot of money
from that region, I don't who
he was because it's all--
apparently nobody exactly knows
what is the story of the place.
So apparently this person
that had a lot of money
and was kind of the
ruler of that territory,
he build this temple, which
is the only temple that
exists in England related to
the druids, at least today.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
I have to go there next time.
>> DE STEFANO: And
it looks like--
it's in the middle
of the forest.
You have to take a
walk in the forest.
>> REGINA: Is it
open to the public.
Can anyone go?
>> DE STEFANO: It's
always open at any time.
>> REGINA: Oh, that's good.
I'm going there next time.
OK.
>> DE STEFANO: It's
always open at any time,
but there is barely any sign
that tells you where it is.
>> REGINA: Yeah, like a
lot of places in Britain.
I've been so lost
trying to find.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah,
it's very difficult.
>> REGINA: They'll have a
sign that points this way
and the next one
points that way.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly, yeah.
I have been having troubles
with the bus driver
because I was
telling him this way.
You can only get
there to this place.
No, no, no, the GPS
told me this way.
No, believe me, I've
been here many times.
And so I was guiding
the bus drivers.
>> REGINA: Well, trying to
find the Emrys Castle in Wales,
which was supposedly
a Merlin's castle.
It was like that.
It was horrible.
We ended up totally
lost up with some goats.
It's getting dark.
I never did find it.
Impossible.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, I sometimes
slept in the middle of nowhere--
>> REGINA: Yeah, I understand.
>> DE STEFANO: --in the trunk
of the car because of that.
>> REGINA: OK, so now
you got into the temple,
and tell us a little bit about
the experience and why everyone
thought this feels so real.
>> DE STEFANO: Well, this place,
the druid's temple for me,
represents-- and Brimham rocks
represents the plexus of the--
England.
So it's the moment in which the
lower frequencies or the lower
chakras ends in order to
recognize the inner power,
oh I am.
And from there, you go to the
upper chakras, to the heart.
>> REGINA: So what
happens there then?
The Druid that showed up or the
Merlin that showed up there,
what was their
message to you all?
>> DE STEFANO: So his message
basically was related to how do
you recognize the inner
power that you have.
I don't remember it.
It was a long time
ago for me, so I don't
remember what he said exactly.
But I do remember that it was a
ceremony that he held in order
to weave the net, to
put the apples together
and saying to remember is to put
the members together, remember.
So you have come here to
remember things that have
been broken in human history.
You have come here to bring
back this net to the core.
So you have to face the core
so we could weave the net.
And as I was saying
that, he literally,
and this is something that I
am still like, why did I do it,
it was not me, but he put
his hand inside the grass
and under the middle stone that
is there, which represented
the core of the planet, as
we were all around, singing
and holding with apples.
He put it there and took all
the spiders with his hand.
>> REGINA: All this what?
>> DISTEFANO: Spiders.
>> REGINA: Oh, spiders.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah,
which I don't like much.
>> REGINA: I don't like spiders.
>> DE STEFANO: Me neither.
But he was very confident
because it was not his body,
maybe.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Here's your body.
You take--
>> DE STEFANO: I took all the
spiders that were down there
and put them on the
top of the stone.
So they all started
to walk around within.
>> REGINA: I'd been running.
>> DE STEFANO: So it was
like talking to the spiders,
and the spiders were going the
direction that he was talking
to.
And that was a magical moment
where everyone started to sing,
to connect, to weave their own
net to the center of the planet.
And they said all of
this that has been spread
and all the differences
that each one of you have,
they all represent the different
options of only one thing.
So when you remember them,
you recognize that you're not
different beings.
You are only one observing
different options.
So bring that vision
back to the center,
so we can weave this back.
And it was like--
the meaning of it was all
these apples or the fruits
or the nodes of the planet
have been activating
different cultures, different
religions, different traditions,
and different points of view,
like the nodes that are in China
are different from the nodes
that are in South America
and so on, and the
Pacific against Africa.
So all the different nodes have
evolved in a different way,
forgetting that they are a part
of only one thing, that they all
belong to the
center of the earth.
So the temple became like
the womb of the planet earth.
And we were there doing
the ceremony to say,
transcend your
differences because you
are going to the heart now.
So we have to weave this.
>> REGINA: That's the spider
energy, that creativity.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
So that was one of the
things that happened there.
>> REGINA: Let's
talk about one more.
People are going to have to
watch the series because we're
not going to get
through all this.
>> DE STEFANO: And I don't
remember every thing.
>> REGINA: We're
having too much--
OK.
Well, we're having too much fun.
One of your favorite places
was called the Ring of Brodgar.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, it's
the last place we went.
>> REGINA: Where is that?
>> DE STEFANO: Ring of Brodgar
is one of the last stone circles
that is in the Orkney islands.
>> REGINA: Orkney islands?
Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: Orkney islands
in the north of Scotland.
This stone circle
is very particular
because it looks like a crown.
And you can see the crown.
And in the center,
there are these plants
that are always like
in a reddish color.
So it's red, burgundy color.
And they're only there.
>> REGINA: So this was the crown
you were originally referring
to when you were looking
at the British Isles.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: So
that's the crown chakra.
The Orkney islands are the
crown chakra of Great Britain.
>> REGINA: It seems everyone has
magical things to say about it--
>> DE STEFANO: Oh really.
>> REGINA: --in general, yes.
>> DE STEFANO: Well,
yeah, it's the crown.
>> REGINA: Very special.
>> DE STEFANO: It's the portal.
>> REGINA: Yes.
So let's talk about what did
Merlin take you through once you
got to the crown.
Now we've missed a
bunch of chakras,
and people have to watch the
series to see the rest of it.
But here we are
at the crown now.
>> DE STEFANO: Many things.
>> REGINA: We'll just finish
it off with the crown.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
So that stone circle--
so the beauty of it is
everything is green.
And suddenly when
you arrive there,
there's a red circle of plants
that grow naturally there.
Then you have the stone circle
that looks like a crown.
And then in the
middle, you have again,
all this red with a cross of
paths that goes to the center.
And the place--
well, what we did
there was to deliver the apples.
So it was like, OK, the
crown of the planet,
which is the crown
of mother earth,
actually represents the
magnetic North Pole.
So it's like a crown
of all the colors
that creates the northern lights
and then the magnetic field.
So this magnetic field that you
can see because of the ions that
comes from the sun, and
you see all the colors,
that represent the crown.
And the apples represent
the wisdom, the information
that has been growing
inside the planet
and then goes to humanity.
So it's when the
person enlightens
itself is the halo that
you can see in the person
when it ignites.
So you can call yourself
king or queen in that moment
because people represent
that with the crown.
But actually it's
the magnetic field
that we all have
in order to exist.
So what we did there was to--
we put together the two
sides, the personality side
and the essence
side of each apple.
So we repaired or remembered
all the different options.
And once we were
in the crown, we
offered that as a spread
of wisdom for the land.
>> REGINA: So it was each
person's discovery really
and mending those
aspects of themselves,
bringing them together
that they would offer.
>> DE STEFANO: Exactly.
>> REGINA: That's
pretty profound.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
So that's why it's
an inner process
to work for a
bigger process when
even if you don't know the
story of the other person,
you are taking
your own part on it
and you get something from that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> DE STEFANO: So we were
basically using our own personal
path in order to help
in a collective path.
>> REGINA: So we're out of time,
but I would like to know before
we go, what was for you most the
moment that you treasured most
on a personal level?
>> DE STEFANO: Well, I think
that was the last moment when we
put all the apples together.
It was freezing,
the coldest weather
that we had in the entire trip.
>> REGINA: It's cold up there.
Yeah.
>> DE STEFANO: It was very cold.
It was windy and
almost snowy because it
was ice hitting your skin.
And in that moment when we
all put it together, actually
it was the sunrise, which
was my birthday also.
And in that moment, the
message that we received
that the Merlin was saying
gave meaning to everything
that we had been doing,
not only in that trip,
but in the research
of all the stories.
All the stories
that we have told
are just describing a
natural process of the Earth.
And you are the neurons
telling those stories
and living those stories.
So follow all those
stories and you
will recognize how you
are connected to something
that is deeper, that is
not just a story that
is describing Earth.
And so--
>> REGINA: That really
settled in that moment.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah, for me,
it was very, oh yeah, this is--
>> REGINA: We did it.
>> DE STEFANO: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Wonderful.
Well, I think people
are going to have
fun looking at what happened at
the chakras in between as well.
>> DE STEFANO: And how I
get weird because I usually
don't feel that.
But--
>> REGINA: The weird part.
>> DE STEFANO:
I've been followed.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
So we get to see
Matias at his weirdest.
>> DE STEFANO: Of course.
>> REGINA: OK.
Very good.
Well, thank you for
sharing all that with us.
And we look forward
to seeing the series.
>> DE STEFANO: Thank you.
>> REGINA: Again, Matias.
His new series is on Gaia.
It's called The Journey to
Remembering now, featuring
season 2.
You can also watch my
previous conversation
with Matias in the
Open Mind archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.